I'm going to ask for nothing.
I'm coming back from a clean game. I'm thankful I did not walk on the island.
today one nor by decree
it's just a game
It's 90 minutes of ball
guys yesterday the number hits the palm he continues life
Compare this
but we are
Portal hypertension that the brazilian sales blogger has no water
those in the press
in my condition of journalist on the jacket
did not stop there
and commented on the bandeirantes
the commentator there must have a diploma
and they do not have
little ahead in the green wave they want to mess I want each group's audience is
light mature
he scores doped
is a radio broadcaster
not a journalist
and on and on but that ball
I have commented here el toro rosso even tô sad even excuses or without being the
I am a people I am in Kabul
I am so the second quarter we may not like and rides
which I will not change after so long only with pleasure to the Greeks and Trojans
and when I transmit scream goal of the sport just like corinthians goal equal
the athletic equals nautical and listening to santa I want them to fuck up
Those who think I'm here, cheering for this beat, I wanna
friend, prey and salt
here o
edited at the end of the month
eto'o spac shook with the game goes away
in santa luiza neighborhood, alright, you're crazy, start the program, whatever
bigger than the repulsive internet do not buy a hot game on the island of
retreat is just a football game alas the crime of game of the year
and here is much more the discussion of what it is that the political system
What the hell did I say about that other man?
to see football how cool it is, it's so important because it can
reach the final so it is important that the Corinthians recover he is in the
series d finally this is the discussion in my opinion that such leave the hospital
in favor of the list
the team tries to keep it open
When you called a crazy place, you'll be our guest of honor.
attack if you speak with the words that